Add Scroll to Text Fragment, CORB and CORP Leaks (#7)
xsleaks/wiki: content/docs/attacks/corp.md

+++
title = "CORP Leaks"
description = ""
date = "2020-07-21"
category = "attacks"
attacks = [
    "dom property",
]
defenses = [
    "same-site cookies",
    "sec-fetch metadata",
]
menu = "main"
+++

## Explanation

[Cross-Origin Resource Policy](https://TODO) (CORP) is a web platform security feature which enforces [CORB](https://TODO). Unfortunately, similarly to [CORB XS-Leak](https://TODO) applications can introduce a new XS-Leak if they misconfigure the use of this protection.

A webpage will introduce an XS-Leak if `CORP` is enforced based on user data. If a page search feature enforces `CORP` when showing results, but doesn't when returning no results, an attacker will be able to distinguish the two scenarios. This occurs because a page/resource protected by `CORP` will return a network error when fetched.

## Defense

> An application can avoid this XS-Leak if it guarantees `CORP` is deployed in all application resources/endpoints. Even so, generic security mechanisms that allow the invalidation of cross-site requests will also help preventing this attack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An application can avoid this XS-Leak if it guarantees `CORP` is deployed in all application resources/endpoints. Moreover generic security mechanisms that allow the invalidation of cross-site requests will also help preventing this attack.
```
